Allow `.get()` and `.has()` to return a promise (#26)
sindresorhus/p-memoize: readme.md

## Usage

```js
import {setTimeout as delay} from 'node:timer/promises';
import pMemoize from 'p-memoize';
import got from 'got';

const memoizedGot = pMemoize(got);

await memoizedGot('https://sindresorhus.com');

// This call is cached
await memoizedGot('https://sindresorhus.com');

await delay(2000);

// This call is not cached as the cache has expired
await memoizedGot('https://sindresorhus.com');
```

### Caching strategy

Similar to the [caching strategy for `mem`](https://github.com/sindresorhus/mem#options) with the following exceptions:

- Promises returned from a memoized function will be cached internally and take priority over `cache`. The promise cache does not persist outside of the current instance and properties assigned to a returned promise will not be kept. All cached promises can be cleared with [`pMemoizeClear()`](#pmemoizeclearfn).
- `.get()` and `.has()` methods on `cache` can return a promise instead of returning a value immediately.

> - Instead of `.set()` being provided an object with the properties `value` and `maxAge`, it will only be provided `value` as the first argument. If you want to implement time-based expiry, consider doing so in `.set()` itself.

Reviewer: Maybe add a tip about using https://github.com/SamVerschueren/expiry-map to get expiration functionality.

```js

> import pMemoize from 'p-memoize';
> import {setTimeout as delay} from 'timer/promises';
> import got from 'got';

Reviewer: ```suggestion
import {setTimeout as delay} from 'node:timer/promises';
import pMemoize from 'p-memoize';
import got from 'got';
```

Cache rejected promises.

##### maxAge

Type: `number`\
Default: `Infinity`

> The milliseconds until the cache expires.

Reviewer: Why is this removed?

Author: https://github.com/sindresorhus/p-memoize/issues/3#issuecomment-926331552

Reviewer: But it's still here: https://github.com/sindresorhus/p-memoize/pull/26/files#diff-dcdc3e0b3362edb8fec2a51d3fa51f8fb8af8f70247e06d9887fa934834c9122R33

Author: Good catch!

See the [caching strategy](https://github.com/sindresorhus/mem#caching-strategy) section in the `mem` package for more information.

### pMemoizeDecorator(options)

Returns a [decorator](https://github.com/tc39/proposal-decorators) to memoize class methods or static class methods.

Notes:

- Only class methods and getters/setters can be memoized, not regular functions (they aren't part of the proposal);
- Only [TypeScript’s decorators](https://www.typescriptlang.org/docs/handbook/decorators.html#parameter-decorators) are supported, not [Babel’s](https://babeljs.io/docs/en/babel-plugin-proposal-decorators), which use a different version of the proposal;

> - Being an experimental feature, they need to be enabled with `--experimentalDecorators`; follow TypeScript’s docs.

Reviewer: This is missing from the doc comments.
